welcome to the mere mortals very special
Christmas special you can tell it's a
Christmas special because I'm wearing
red and you can hear the sleigh bells
ringing over and over
no one's no good this year I decided to
ask a few of my woodworking friends if
they'd be willing to help me out with
Mike woodworking for mere mortals very
special Christmas special well naturally
they all just jumped at the opportunity
so without further ado here are a bunch
of woodworkers performing a very special
dramatic reading lyrics to jingle guns
dashing through the snow in a one-horse
open sleigh o we go laughing laughing
laughing laughing all the way bells on
bobtails ring
what's a bobtail anyway making spirits
bright oh what fun it is to ride and
sing he shot dead
[Music]
oh-oh-oh-oh jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun is to ride no one-horse
open sleigh a lot of systems-thinking
bells jingle bells jingle all the way
[Music]
any different
trying to memorize the stupid now the
weird verse no nose I only know the
dirty version a day or two ago I thought
I'd take a live
but soon miss Fanny bright miss Fanny
bright miss Fanny bright miss Fanny
bright was seated by my side just gonna
have to get what you get that's harder
than it sounds the horse he was lean and
lank misfortune seemed his lot enjoy a
drifted bank then we gon stop salt must
be British yeah I'm not even sure what
the hell upsot means like a lot Loretta
land
Oh jingle bells jingle all the way oh
what fun it is to ride in a one-horse
open sleigh is there such a thing isn't
it close yeah okay jingle bells jingle
bells jingle jingle jingle jingle jingle
jingle jingle oh hello
sleigh
oh what fun fun fun
we already got there good enough Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas Christmas
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas everybody
well I think that went pretty well
[Music]
thanks for watching
Merry Christmas everybody
you
this Jingle Bell thing